Hi, how does it feel to stay at an
airport in another country for
nine months without having relatives and
without having any money.
This incident was experienced by a man named
Victor. The beginning of the incident occurred
because one day when Victor
Navorski, a citizen of Chosiyah, was
trapped in an airport  because
his passport which was used to
enter the United States had been refused
to solve the problems
faced by Victor he met with Fredickson
a head of border protection
there explained that due to the
coup war that occurred in Victor's home country,
his passport could not be
used and his visa had been canceled
by the Department of Home Affairs from
the way he treats Victor it seems
that Dixon has a
temperamental personality and tends to be rude but
after being explained at length the features
cannot fully capture what
Dixon is describing because of language problems
because of Victor  can't speak
English feature went to
67 to rest which gradually
became like his own room
slowly feature began to adapt to
the airport environment Victor armed with
several food vouchers and
prepaid phone cards given by
the airport officer the other day because
Dixon no longer wanted to bring Victor
as  his responsibility Dixon intends
to frame Victor into violating
airport regulations so that Victor can be
expelled from the airport environment he
tells Victor that the
doorman there will leave his post
at 12.00 and since his replacement will be
late it could be
Victor's chance to escape from there
if that happens  If everything goes according to plan,
then Dixon will be arrested for
Viktor's violation.
pay for food
Victor starts working to earn
money from his job collecting
some
poly initially He only collects a
few trolleys to buy burgers but
over time Victor Starts collecting
more trolleys all over the airport
to buy a magazine in
English and Russian because from there
Victor will start learning the language  English
Dixon who doesn't want Victor to feel
comfortable living at the airport hires a
trolley collector so that Victor loses his
chance to earn
feature money then is helped by Enrique who
is a food officer at the airport
where Enrique offers to give
Victor a free meal provided Victor will
help Enrique to approach a
girl  named dolores after
agreeing to it Victor immediately started
his action with the excuse of taking care of visa
Victor began to find out things
about dolores on the other hand Dixon who
did not like Victor began to look for
ways to get rid of Victor bik
in tells Victor that to
legally obtain asylum is
to conduct the fastest trial
within six months then
Hi, feature can leave the airport if
vector provides information that
Victor is afraid to return to his home country
but feature refuses and chooses to wait
at the airport Because of his love for
his own country  feature Then met
a girl named Amelia who at
that time was heartbroken because she
found out that her boyfriend already
had a wife Amelia who accepted
it all just wanted time from
her boyfriend but her boyfriend broke his promise
because Melia and Amelia's fast-paced figure
offered to eat together
but was rejected by Victor  with the excuse of being
busy even though Victor has no
money and can't get out of the airport terminal.
Feature who has a desire
to have dinner with Amelia tries to
make money by applying for jobs
around the airport but no one
accepts.  mat and a
phone number that is considered ridiculous where
Victor tells that the address
is ga-67 and the number is a
feature airport public telephone number back to
his room and seeing the
wall being renovated Victor
decides to check and
fix it confused the
contractor foreman who saw the results of
Victor's work finally offered  work
for Victor and because of that work,
feature life becomes more secure. He
also has friends, namely Enrique Jo
and Gupta. One time Victor helps
A Russian citizen who was arrested by
airport officials for bringing a drug for
his father because they were the only two
Russians at that time only Victor was
understand what the Russian man said
out of compassion the feature helped the man
escape by telling the officer that the
medicine the Russian man brought was for
goats because in America the medicine for
animals does not require a permit.
see the nature of the
backsound Since that time the feature began to be
known as a hero by
people who work in the
airport terminal and thanks to the help of Victor's friend
Victor finally was able to have dinner with
Amel
but of course it was still in the airport
Dixon who saw all that told
Amelia who exactly Victor Amelia
met  vector and vector Explains
the real reason Victor came to New
York is because of a can
containing a photo of a jazz musician
from a magazine cut from 1958 Come on
features wanted autographs
from the 57 jazz musicians but
after waiting for 40 years
Victor's father only got 56  Signature
and only one more signature left
that he hasn't gotten yet. Feature wants to
realize his father's dream to
get one person's autograph
, namely Benny who lives in New
York but before getting
Benny's signature his father
died in the middle of the
conversation Victor was a little nervous.  chatted with
Amelia until they finally kissed the
next day to celebrate the day with
her friends because of the news that the war
in her country was over and at the
same time Amelia was the
editor of America's incoming letter from
Amelia's boyfriend but after that Amelia left
and parted with sad vectors
but she came back  remembering his
main goal to come to America so that
the Factor letter was valid, dolores told him
that Victor had to get
Nixon's autograph. Nixon refused and threatened
Victor if Victor still wanted to go to New
York. Victor would deport
Factor friends who had problems
in the past, Victor finally decided
to  return to his country Then
some of Victor's friends protested because of
what Victor did, finally Gupta
delayed the flight to Victor's country
by stopping the plane with
a mop and with that opportunity
Victor took the time to
change his plans to return to
his country and go to N  ew York,
escorted by airport workers who
knew Viktor Viktor started to
set foot in America,
snow fell at that time Factor met
with Amelia they just smiled at each other
whatever data and when Victor managed to
get Benny Victor's signature
returned to his home country okay that's
all the synopsis  from the film this time
, hopefully this film can be
the right film recommendation for
all of you to watch. I say goodbye,
don't forget to like share subscribe or
for this channel so you can
get recommendations for other exciting films
[Music]